he's tall handsome rich comes from a
nice family there's no doubt that Prince
William is a good catch so it's hard not
to be jealous of his future wife Kate
Middleton but just how far would you go
to stand in her shoes well thanks to
this life-size wax model of the prints
on display at the stephen friedman
Gallery in London you can actually stand
at the fake future King of England side
and pretend to be Miss Middleton there's
even a replica engagement ring attached
to his sleeve you can try to yeah
worrying oh fun aside I'm what's that am
I marry you Oh hope the woman says she
got a ring she goes to the father why
not pretty isn't it hey what do you
think babe 8 120 nice yeah all right
Sicilian batter dipped Oakland see
report was fun well the idea is for
people to be able to physically inhabit
the space that Kate Middleton have it at
the moment that her engagement to Prince
William was announced the world so to
give people that emotion that's really
what the piece is about yeah I think I
got that anyway it looks set to be a hit
but we still couldn't help but wonder
what makes this William waxwork better
to visit than the one at Madame Tussauds
well I think it's completely different I
think there's something about having the
ring on his sleeve and him on a pedestal
that you step up there and you're
inhabiting a moment and because it's
inside of a gallery that moment is also
inside of a critical space so it makes
you think about the idea of engagement
the idea of womanhood the idea of a man
with this thing to offer to a woman hmm
its kind of deeper then well it's not
just the model of wills that you'll get
at Jennifer's exhibition there's booze
too in a room behind the prince or a
series of drinking paintings complete
with real alcohol chosen to represent
the British Empire to wills and Kate
actually need whiskey yeah no problem
with that room but I couldn't leave
without getting to play it being Kate
one not thinking about our first dance
you can look for ibly especially for you
darling Jason finally Jason yeah deal
it's mama